Adding description about editing an existing address (#1518)
magento/merchdocs: src/customers/account-dashboard-address-book.md

![]({% link images/images-ee/customer-account-dashboard-address-saved.png %}){: .zoom}
_[Additional Address Entries]({% link configuration/customers/customer-configuration.md %})_

> ## Edit an address
> 
> 1. In the sidebar of the their account, the customer selects **Address Book**.
> 
> 1. Finds the address entry to be edited.
> 
> 1. Click the **Edit** button.
> 
> 1. Make edits that neccessary.
> 
>    {:.bs-callout-info}
>    You can set this address as default **Shipping or Billig** using the _Use as my default billing address_ checkboxes.
> 
> 1. When finish, clicks <span class="btn">save Address<span>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Edit an address

1. In the sidebar of the their account, the customer selects **Address Book**.

1. Finds the address entry to be edited.

1. Clicks **Edit**.

1. Makes any needed changes.

   {:.bs-callout-info}
   The customer can set this address as the default **Shipping or Billing** address by selecting the _Use as my default billing address_ checkboxes.

1. When changes are complete, clicks <span class="btn">Save Address<span>.
```

Author: Hi @leslietilling thanks for your review. I have implemented the suggestions, could you please approve my request?
